a new study reveals that the individuals who carry out the works
typical of men have a male brain pattern
and those who do women's jobs
they have a female pattern regardless of their sex
as humans sink
cost others have criticized me a lot what discover is that men who
they did the jobs that women generally do had more morbid
had results more typical of the female model, many Tucuman and
women who occupied positions that were frequently intended for
mens
they got results that seemed to belong with their example animates a
female brain
if you are right
carolina that working in a profession dominated by men should have
a brain with a masculine disposition
and salmon
one female
we asked the government professor to do a psa test and bolivia
carolina to see it
it's called disco listening
debatable embedded the test was heard tico tico is very simple without
exit a concept sits single person
you put some helmets on him and he gets some up and washed hesitated in bosnia
a syllable in one ear
minds a different greeting and syllable in another video
what I do is let them hear 60 pairs of these syllables bush their homework
it is simply to say what they hear
the text is designed for right-handers
and look directly at how verbal action is distributed in the brain
An official
our right son has direct connections to the left side of
Our brain
well ours and left is directly connected to the side
straight
when 2002 a typically masculine boyé sound at the same time
more often the sound on the right
the ear that is directly connected to the side that processes the
data
this is called right ear benefit
implies that normally they only pick up a sound
concelebrated typically female on the other hand I just made the sounds by
both ears because the verbal processing extends to both sides
normally they pick up two sounds
devesa usun carolina the results of carolina were the typical ones that you can
wait
n an engineer
yes without it he showed a clear and marked advantage of the right shoulder
andratx next to guti is exempt as boy may
that's what I would have expected name
obama
at 28,700 and the second one they made tests to emol was very interested in
the climax that is a big guy likes to play rugby the memory ever
and I was wondering if 4th and 7th admit that I asked myself if the official refused
but his psychotic listening was very typical of a Kirchner woman shown
an advantage of the left huila very pronounced